Add detailed explanation of the JS components configuration merging  process (#37303)
twbs/bootstrap: site/layouts/partials/js-data-attributes.md

As options can be passed via data attributes or JavaScript, you can append an option name to `data-bs-`, as in `data-bs-animation="{value}"`. Make sure to change the case type of the option name from "_camelCase_" to "_kebab-case_" when passing the options via data attributes. For example, use `data-bs-custom-class="beautifier"` instead of `data-bs-customClass="beautifier"`.

As of Bootstrap 5.2.0, all components support an **experimental** reserved data attribute `data-bs-config` that can house simple component configuration as a JSON string. When an element has `data-bs-config='{"delay":0, "title":123}'` and `data-bs-title="456"` attributes, the final `title` value will be `456` and the separate data attributes will override values given on `data-bs-config`. In addition, existing data attributes are able to house JSON values like `data-bs-delay='{"show":0,"hide":150}'`.

> The final configuration object is the merged result of all given ways. The merging order is `data-bs-config`, `data-bs-`, and `js object` where the latest given key-value overrides the others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final configuration object is the merged result of `data-bs-config`, `data-bs-`, and `js object` where the latest given key-value overrides the others.
```

> <small>Note: The final configuration object, is the merged result of all given ways.The merging order is `data-bs-config`, `data-bs-`, `js object` where the latest given key-value overrides the others.</small>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final configuration object is the merged result of all given ways. The merging order is `data-bs-config`, `data-bs-`, and `js object` where the latest given key-value overrides the others.
```
